the confrontation of the first animated speech
no joão paulo 2º in the first derby
shot for the Italians three minutes from
play a straight from the other half-final of the
wheat
five minutes after the old man
tactical angrense surprise of the painted
to the middle field
forced to retreat to the place of the
gym flower and enter the red in
and to the new loved answer the sledgehammer
2011 format tânia leaves next
the school near the man within half an hour of
defensive concerns are lacking and little
soccer
only at the end of the first part back
to the stadium with two initiatives
of the incarnates on the front page shoots
for opponents deviation
in the second the amaral defense format of the
It ended shortly after the end of a
first part that did not miss
neither one nor the other
in the second more of the same
I used my back to get into it more quickly.
was the ball at the
David the passage of the five minutes but
referee pointed the foul over the
Good goalkeeper was among the advanced
12 such that the goalkeeper
andré almeida on account of the annual sale
the year after five more options
more fighting faults but poor quality
the technicians try to play the game in the middle
of the second half
in the lines changes brought alive
take into account that only in the
final returns the cold and the emotion of Brazil
so the 90 head victory book
to imagine almost make a difference and
already on the final big penalty
in favor of those incarnated by
missing about ajman
regina found in the area
the ring is the one in charge of the
victory marking makes the first and only
a single moment with exclusion
of the supporters whose norm was a derby
between andressa was slow in that game is
a game that gives if there is some confidence to
team that came from two results
less positive that we already had the
hospital signs but that 's how it
personally in the graceful
so I think it 's 11 votes 11 African
but so much confidence for the match that
was doing our job of ours
campus
our group and how we have
to know whether the objective is
past we have a young team managed to
unbalance and have some chance inside
Unfortunately, the technical decisions of the
arbitrators who have influenced the outcome
sad to say this but did not want to
excuse but we may have
be taken into account if
if the criterion is not
40 have been crazy overall my
other four situations where the
somehow conditioned the game